n6 road show and they all come in
bring stuff down and go how much is this
worth i mean
i'm not bothered i don't want to sell it
or anything
clearly they do and then he looks at it
takes forever let's give you a valuation
and when he does say i'm not bothered
about selling it anyway
you kind of just think what did you
bring it for anyway you mug how much is
it worth i just want to know for
insurance purposes
idiots oh
hang on come through neil we're on the
patio
oh lovely morning for a spot jogging oh
that's a nasty cloud in the sky looks
like it's gonna uh
it's gonna rain oh i better get back
inside i don't want something to count
down i think
love jeff stelling so uh when stanley
picked her up he passed it at quantum
loop who brought it dune
don't meet the guevara caught a
passenger on uh mosley cough butts and
burtles or bobo but he picked out benito
panettone who was bombing doing the wing
like an extra set missile man he
cushioned it on his chest
knocked meg george here flicked it up
one of these buns one lollipop two
lollipop three and then he laid it on a
plate at the barbie fierce assassin
emmanuel macvittie you know the new lad
we got from mayor blackboard rovers for
three point four trill
you know the the winger who in turn
plays at hadley to kemp
to harley to kemp to fry to tenant to
orgy who in turn
plays it back yeah all right mate yeah
we saw the game we were all there yeah
pack it in where we are
it's over oh you went oh you're lucky i
had to listen to on squawk sport
[Music]
you